[Music]
morning
morning if music be the food of love
[Music]
he just really speaks to me ah no not
this burke again get a job
before don't you bob
robin for the last time no newspaper is
going to really let a gloating oath
maximus
oh yeah you're fine yeah but uh
come on come on okay
yes takes me back to the david lloyd in
chelsea take that hugo
where did we get to uh world cup 86
scott finals
england argentina all right ah the hand
of god
you what maradona scored with a hand
ball swings the match well don't tell me
this kid you won to argentina
what's wrong with you you absolutely did
robin he's letter permit to travel
dickens
oh ticket did you take head
yeah okay you're getting good at these
will be very clever
oh hey
[Music]
thank you absolute
filth oh thanking you kindly
oh i did not like where this is going
[Music]
you